Improve README (#909)
elastic/elasticsearch-js: README.md

<img align="right" width="auto" height="auto" src="https://www.elastic.co/static-res/images/elastic-logo-200.png">

# Elasticsearch Node.js client

[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)  [![Build Status](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+elasticsearch-js+master/badge/icon)](https://clients-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+elasticsearch-js+master/)  [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/elastic/elasticsearch-js/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/elastic/elasticsearch-js)  [![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@elastic/elasticsearch.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@elastic/elasticsearch)

The official Node.js client for Elasticsearch.

---

> **Note:** In the past months we have worked on the new Elasticsearch Node.js client, and can use it by following the instructions below, while if you're going to use the legacy one or report an issue, please check out [elastic/elasticsearch-js-legacy](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-js-legacy).

Reviewer: Drive-by suggestion:
```suggestion
**Note:** In the past months we have worked on the new Elasticsearch Node.js client and you can use it by following the instructions below. If you're going to use the legacy one or report an issue, however, please check out [elastic/elasticsearch-js-legacy](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-js-legacy).
```

The minimum supported version of Node.js is `v8`.

The library is compatible with all Elasticsearch versions since 5.x, and you should use the same major version of the Elasticsearch instance that you are using.

| Elasticsearch Version | Client Version |
| --------------------- |----------------|
| `master`              | `master`       |
| `7.x`                 | `7.x`          |
| `6.x`                 | `6.x`          |
| `5.x`                 | `5.x`          |

To install a specific major of the client, run the following command:
```
npm install @elastic/elasticsearch@<major>
```

#### Browser

> There is no official support for the browser environment since expose your Elasticsearch instance to everyone could lead to security issues.

Reviewer 2: > **Warning**: There is no official support for the browser environment since expose your Elasticsearch instance to everyone could lead to security issues.

> There is no official support for the browser environment since expose your Elasticsearch instance to everyone could lead to security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no official support for the browser environment. It exposes your Elasticsearch instance to everyone, which could lead to security issues.
```

> We recommend you to write a lightweight proxy that uses this client instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you write a lightweight proxy that uses this client instead.
```

- [API reference](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/api-reference.html)
- [Breaking changes coming from the old client](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/breaking-changes.html)
- [Authentication](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/auth-reference.html)
- [Observability](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/observability.html)
- [Creating a child client](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/child-client.html)
- [Extend the client](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/extend-client.html)
- [Typescript support](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/typescript.html)
- [Examples](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/javascript-api/current/examples.html)

## Quick start

First of all, require the client and initialize it:
```js
const { Client } = require('@elastic/elasticsearch')
const client = new Client({ node: 'http://localhost:9200' })
```

> You can use both the callback-style API and the promise-style API, both behaves in the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use both the callback-style API and the promise-style API, both behave the same way.
```

  // get any result in the consequent search
  await client.indices.refresh({ index: 'game-of-thrones' })

  // Let's search!
  const { body } = await client.search({
    index: 'game-of-thrones',
    // type: '_doc', // uncomment this line if you are using Elasticsearch ≤ 6
    body: {
      query: {
        match: { quote: 'winter' }
      }
    }
  })

  console.log(body.hits.hits)
}

run().catch(console.log)
```

## Install multiple versions
If you are using multiple versions of Elasticsearch, you need to use multiple versions of the client. In the past, install multiple versions of the same package was not possible, but with `npm v6.9`, you can do that via aliasing.

The command you must run to install different version of the client is:
```sh
npm install <alias>@npm:@elastic/elasticsearch@<version>
```
So for example if you need to install `7.x` and `6.x`, you will run
```sh
npm install es6@npm:@elastic/elasticsearch@6
npm install es7@npm:@elastic/elasticsearch@7
```
And your `package.json` will look like the following:
```json
"dependencies": {
  "es6": "npm:@elastic/elasticsearch@^6.7.0",
  "es7": "npm:@elastic/elasticsearch@^7.0.0"
}
```

> And finally, you will require the packages from your code by using the alias you have defined.

Reviewer: Omitting "finally" since the next paragraph uses it too and there can only be one final step
```suggestion
You will require the packages from your code by using the alias you have defined.
```
